20 years ago, I didn't have a phone or, you know, 20, well, 24 years ago, I didn't have a phone and I was fine.
Everybody was fine.
And then happy you were.
You were so successful.
It was happy.
And then it was only 15 years ago that I didn't have a smartphone.
I had a flip phone.
That was fine.
I was fine with that.
But ever since I had ever since I had a smartphone, you know But nowadays I got you go you know three hours without a smartphone and the whole thing goes to shit Jason the world changed a little too John I mean it did but you know I can understand like like last year Jason Finn asked me to go to a baseball game and On my way there.
I was on the train on the way to the baseball stadium.
I realized I didn't have my phone
Did I tell you this story?
No.
I end up at the baseball stadium, and you know, on my phone should be my ticket.
Oh!
And I should also be calling Jason to tell him where I am.
Did you get tickets on your phone 24 years ago, John?
Couldn't do it 24 couldn't do it even 15 you couldn't record it No, it was in my Apple wallet and I was gonna walk up and bloop it and then I would have texted him and he would be standing on the other side of the gate Or he would have met me out by the Ken Griffey.
Well, I get there I got neither thing and I'm standing there thinking well He's gonna come out of the stadium and maybe he'll think that I'll be at the Ken Griffey.
He'll come looking for me
Well, I waited and waited.
And then, of course, I remember, oh, no, Jason will, he won't come looking for me.
He'll sit in the, in the great seats that he got for us and he'll stew and he'll brood.
Oh, because he's, see, see, now we got a drawing room French farce on our hands because there's been a misunderstanding and the nature of the misunderstanding is that you can't fix the misunderstanding soon.
That's right.
I'm I'm outside standing next to the thing the game has started.
He's in there stewing about the fact that I didn't come because that's consistent with what he thinks is my personality.
Oh, he didn't even come here.
And so I'm standing there by the Jersey barrier.
And I say I say to the nearest I say to the nearest guy.
Yeah.
Hey, hey, guy.
and he comes over what?
And I say, can I borrow your- I'm in town for a job interview.
I need $20 for gas.
I say, my alternator's broken and I hold up an alternator.
My daughter's in the trunk.
And I say, I say to the guy, look, there's a guy in there that's got tickets to the game.
I didn't bring my phone.
Can I use your phone to call my lady friend?
who has the only phone number I can remember in my head right now, who also will have... Where do you keep all the phone numbers, John?
Where do you keep them?
Do you only just memorize them?
No, I keep them on my phone.
I used to have them on a 3x5 card.
You didn't have your phone with you, though, did you?
No, I didn't.
I used to have a 3x5 card where I wrote all my friend's phone numbers down and then I laminated it with tape.
I put tape on both sides and then I put it in my chain wallet.
And any time I needed to call somebody from a phone booth or something, I would pull out my tape laminated three by five card.
I would look at their number and I would dial their phone number.
And that's how I would call them, but I don't have that anymore.
But I do have like four phone numbers, still memorized.
And one of them is this phone number belonging to my daughter's mother's.
If I ever need to call Empire carpeting, I'm good.
Because remember, service that one, that's five, eight, eight, two, 300.
Oh, that's right.
Empire.
Yeah, but then they put an 800 in front of it and it's, it did kind of jam that up.
Well, 800, five, eight, eight.
I also know J.G.
Wentworth can get me a structured settlement.
Uh-huh.
I don't know either of those guys because I, you know, that's like I've deleted that from my system folder a long time ago.
Their phone number is cash now, I think.
I don't even think it's recoverable, that stuff.
Oh, but but so so what I what I did was I called her and I said hey Will you text Jason Finn?
Sorry the Mariners fan will let you borrow his phone
Yeah, and he's not happy about it.
He's like... It kind of feels like a scam.
It does.
And he's like, so now this woman's phone number is gonna be in my phone?
How do I know she's not gonna call me?
And I'm like, look, she's a busy lady yet.
She's not interested in any of this.
If I had my phone, I'd show you a photo of her and you'd feel really dumb you just said that.
Yeah, if I had my phone, I could tell you all about it.
Your dreams you get a text from her.
So I say, and she says, okay, fine.
So I say, tell Jason I'm out by the Ken Griffey statue.
And she goes, okay, I don't know what any of this is, but you know, don't forget your phone.
No time to argue.
So I hand the phone back to the guy and I stand there.
And sure enough, five minutes later, here comes Jason.
He's, you know, he's not very impressed, but he does have the ticket on his phone.
And he gets me in and the rest of the day goes without a hitch and I think John, it's still, have you, has it occurred to you?
It's still required a phone.
It's just it was somebody else's phone.
That's right.
It required a phone, but, but you know what?
I was fine.
It didn't, you know, it took me an extra 15 minutes of wondering what I'm going to do, but I solved the problem.
